docs(sensitive-data): Overhaul docs around HTTP headers (#15616)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/sdk/expected-features/data-handling.mdx

This is an option in the SDK called [_send-default-pii_](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/configuration/options/#send-default-pii)
and is **disabled by default**. That means that data that is naturally sensitive is not sent by default.

> Handling sensitive data in the SDK regardless of the `send_default_pii` setting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain sensitive data must never been sent by the SDK, regardless of any config:
```

- HTTP Headers: The keys of known sensitive headers (such as `Authorization` or `Cookie`) are added, while their values must be replaced with `"[Filtered]"`.

> <Expandable title="List of sensitive HTTP headers">

Reviewer: Let’s show all content instead.

This is an option in the SDK called [_send-default-pii_](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/python/configuration/options/#send-default-pii)
and is **disabled by default**. That means that data that is naturally sensitive is not sent by default.

Certain sensitive data must never be sent through SDK instrumentation, regardless of any configuration:

- HTTP Headers: The keys of known sensitive headers are added, while their values must be replaced with `"[Filtered]"`.

>   - The SDK performs a **partial, case-insensitive match** against the following headers to determine if they are sensitive: `["auth", "token", "secret", "password", "passwd", "pwd", "key", "jwt", "bearer", "sso", "saml", "crsf", "xsrf", "credentials"]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The SDK performs a **partial, case-insensitive match** against the following headers to determine if they are sensitive: `["auth", "token", "secret", "password", "passwd", "pwd", "key", "jwt", "bearer", "sso", "saml", "csrf", "xsrf", "credentials"]`
```
